AWS Bindings S3 Certification Tests (#3376)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/s3.md

When running the Dapr sidecar (daprd) with your application on EKS (AWS Kubernetes), if you're using a node/pod that has already been attached to an IAM policy defining access to AWS resources, you **must not** provide AWS access-key, secret-key, and tokens in the definition of the component spec you're using.  
{{% /alert %}}

### S3 Bucket Creation

> {{< tabs "Minio" "Localstack" "AWS" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< tabs "Minio" "LocalStack" "AWS" >}}
```

3. The value for `region` is not important; you can set it to `us-east-1`.
4. Depending on your environment, you may need to set `disableSSL` to `true` if you're connecting to Minio using a non-secure connection (using the `http://` protocol). If you are using a secure connection (`https://` protocol) but with a self-signed certificate, you may need to set `insecureSSL` to `true`.

{{% /codetab %}}

{{% codetab %}}

> For local development, the [localstack project](https://github.com/localstack/localstack) is used to integrate AWS S3. Follow [these instructions](https://github.com/localstack/localstack#running) to run localstack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For local development, the [LocalStack project](https://github.com/localstack/localstack) is used to integrate AWS S3. Follow [these instructions](https://github.com/localstack/localstack#running) to run LocalStack.
```

> To run localstack locally from the command line using Docker, use a `docker-compose.yaml` similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run LocalStack locally from the command line using Docker, use a `docker-compose.yaml` similar to the following:
```

```yaml
version: "3.8"

services:
  localstack:
    container_name: "cont-aws-s3"
    image: localstack/localstack:1.4.0
    ports:
      - "127.0.0.1:4566:4566"
    environment:
      - DEBUG=1
      - DOCKER_HOST=unix:///var/run/docker.sock
    volumes:
      - "<PATH>/init-aws.sh:/etc/localstack/init/ready.d/init-aws.sh"  # init hook
      - "${LOCALSTACK_VOLUME_DIR:-./volume}:/var/lib/localstack"
      - "/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock"
```

> To able to use the S3 component, the bucket to be used needs to existing prior to use, so the example above uses a [LocalStack Initialization Hook](https://docs.localstack.cloud/references/init-hooks/) Hook to setup the bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the S3 component, you need to use an existing bucket. The example above uses a [LocalStack Initialization Hook](https://docs.localstack.cloud/references/init-hooks/) to setup the bucket.
```

> In order to use localstack with your S3 binding, you need to provide the `endpoint` configuration in the component metadata. The `endpoint` is unnecessary when running against production AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use LocalStack with your S3 binding, you need to provide the `endpoint` configuration in the component metadata. The `endpoint` is unnecessary when running against production AWS.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
    name: aws-s3
    namespace: default
spec:
  type: bindings.aws.s3
  version: v1
  metadata:
    - name: bucket
      value: conformance-test-docker
    - name: endpoint
      value: "http://localhost:4566"
    - name: accessKey
      value: "my-access"
    - name: secretKey
      value: "my-secret"
    - name: region
      value: "us-east-1"
```

{{% /codetab %}}

{{% codetab %}}

> To able to use the S3 component, the bucket to be used needs to existing prior to use, [Follow](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/create-bucket-overview.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the S3 component, you need to use an existing bucket. Follow the [AWS documentation for creating a bucket](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/create-bucket-overview.html).
```
